   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-cseq
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:15:16 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1768-137
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         3248.455 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-cseq
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   status                       cpu time   wall time        host
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_01-priv_nr_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_01-priv_nr_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.48        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_04-priv_multi_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_04-priv_multi_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.01        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_18-first-reads_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.46        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.45        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/cseq-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.58        1.42        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/cseq-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.42        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/cseq-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.41        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/cseq-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.56        1.33        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_20-publish-regression_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_20-publish-regression_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53        1.37        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_24-multiple-protecting_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_24-multiple-protecting_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.37        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_25-struct_nr_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_25-struct_nr_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53        1.17        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_27-multiple-protecting2_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_27-multiple-protecting2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.21        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_29-multiple-protecting2-vesal_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_29-multiple-protecting2-vesal_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.26        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_30-traces-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_30-traces-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.26        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_31-traces-mine-vs-mutex_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_31-traces-mine-vs-mutex_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.17        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_32-traces-mine-vs-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_32-traces-mine-vs-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.19        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_33-traces-v-matters_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_33-traces-v-matters_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.22        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_34-traces-minepp-L-needs-to-be-um_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_34-traces-minepp-L-needs-to-be-um_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.17        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_35-traces-ex-2_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_35-traces-ex-2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.15        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_36-traces-ex-3_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_36-traces-ex-3_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52        1.11        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_37-traces-ex-4_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_37-traces-ex-4_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.18        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_38-traces-ex-4-switch_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_38-traces-ex-4-switch_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.14        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_40-traces-ex-6_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_40-traces-ex-6_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.23        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/cseq-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.56        1.20        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/cseq-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.20        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_42-traces-ex-mini_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_42-traces-ex-mini_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.16        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_44-traces-mine2_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_44-traces-mine2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.18        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_45-traces-per-global-and-current-lock-mine-incomparable_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_45-traces-per-global-and-current-lock-mine-incomparable_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.09        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_46-refine-protected1_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_46-refine-protected1_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.26        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_47-refine-protected2_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_47-refine-protected2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.24        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_52-refine-protected-loop2-small_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_52-refine-protected-loop2-small_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.16        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_57-singlethreaded-unlock_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_57-singlethreaded-unlock_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.21        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_58-singlethreaded-lock_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_58-singlethreaded-lock_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.17        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_66-mine-W-init_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_66-mine-W-init_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53        1.15        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.57       46.04        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml/cseq-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.02        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_pos.yml/cseq-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.55       46.04        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_68-pfscan_protected_loop_minimal_interval_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_68-pfscan_protected_loop_minimal_interval_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52        0.92        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_69-refine-protected-loop-interval_true.yml/cseq-13-privatized_69-refine-protected-loop-interval_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53        0.86        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_01-simple_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_01-simple_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         26.42       45.78        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_02-simple_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_02-simple_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         26.54       45.72        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_03-munge_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_03-munge_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         26.76       45.58        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_04-munge_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_04-munge_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         26.64       45.74        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_05-lockfuns_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_05-lockfuns_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         26.46       45.72        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_06-cond_racing1.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_06-cond_racing1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         26.32       45.76        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_07-cond_racing2.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_07-cond_racing2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         17.62       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_08-cond_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_08-cond_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         16.89       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_09-ptrmunge_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_09-ptrmunge_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.96       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_10-ptrmunge_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_10-ptrmunge_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         17.15       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_11-ptr_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_11-ptr_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                         17.01       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_12-ptr_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_12-ptr_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         16.91       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_19-callback_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_19-callback_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         17.01       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_20-callback_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_20-callback_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.96       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_21-deref_read_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_21-deref_read_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.50       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_22-deref_read_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_22-deref_read_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.61       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_23-sound_unlock_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_23-sound_unlock_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.75       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_24-sound_lock_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_24-sound_lock_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.88       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_27-funptr_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_27-funptr_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         16.87       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_28-funptr_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_28-funptr_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.72       46.05        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_36-indirect_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_36-indirect_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.84       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_37-indirect_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_37-indirect_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.71       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_46-escape_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_46-escape_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.13        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_51-mutexptr_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_51-mutexptr_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.78       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_60-invariant_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_60-invariant_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                         17.06       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_61-invariant_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_61-invariant_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.95       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_70-funloop_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_70-funloop_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.82       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_71-funloop_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_71-funloop_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         16.94       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_72-funloop_hard_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_72-funloop_hard_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.86       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_73-funloop_hard_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_73-funloop_hard_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         16.80       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_74-tricky_address1_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_74-tricky_address1_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.69       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_75-tricky_address2_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_75-tricky_address2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.91       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_76-tricky_address3_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_76-tricky_address3_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.81       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_77-tricky_address4_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_77-tricky_address4_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         16.93       46.04        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_78-equ_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_78-equ_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                         16.88       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_79-equ_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_79-equ_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         16.76       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_81-list_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_81-list_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.78       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_82-list_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_82-list_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         24.09       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_83-list2_racing1.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_83-list2_racing1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(Compilation error)         0.47        0.79        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_84-list2_racing2.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_84-list2_racing2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(Compilation error)         0.46        0.73        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_85-list2_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_85-list2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Compilation error)         0.47        0.79        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_86-lists_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_86-lists_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         25.50       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_87-lists_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_87-lists_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         26.28       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_90-arrayloop2_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_90-arrayloop2_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.72        1.78        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_91-arrayloop2_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_91-arrayloop2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   false(unreach-call)              0.70        1.71        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_92-evilcollapse_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_92-evilcollapse_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   false(unreach-call)              0.72        1.67        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_93-evilcollapse_racefree.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_93-evilcollapse_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               false(unreach-call)              0.73        1.83        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_94-alloc_region_racing.yml/cseq-28-race_reach_94-alloc_region_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.56       46.02        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_11-traces-max-simple_true.yml/cseq-36-apron_11-traces-max-simple_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.05        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_16-traces-unprot2_true.yml/cseq-36-apron_16-traces-unprot2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.20        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_21-traces-cluster-based_true.yml/cseq-36-apron_21-traces-cluster-based_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.23        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_22-traces-write-centered-vs-meet-mutex_true_no-overflow.yml/cseq-36-apron_22-traces-write-centered-vs-meet-mutex_true_no-overflow.yml                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.15        None
ldv-races/race-1_1-join.yml/cseq-race-1_1-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67        1.47        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/cseq-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.68       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/cseq-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-2_1-container_of.yml/cseq-race-2_1-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.85       20.51        None
ldv-races/race-3_1-container_of-global.yml/cseq-race-3_1-container_of-global.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.85       20.83        None
ldv-races/race-4_1-thread_local_vars.yml/cseq-race-4_1-thread_local_vars.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        1.38        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-demo-datarace-1.yml/cseq-pthread-demo-datarace-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.55        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml/cseq-pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.56       46.03        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-finding-k-matches.yml/cseq-pthread-finding-k-matches.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       20.09        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-numerical-integration.yml/cseq-pthread-numerical-integration.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.42        0.57        None
pthread-atomic/dekker.yml/cseq-dekker.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        0.97        None
pthread-atomic/lamport.yml/cseq-lamport.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        0.89        None
pthread-atomic/peterson.yml/cseq-peterson.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        0.91        None
pthread-atomic/read_write_lock-1.yml/cseq-read_write_lock-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        0.93        None
pthread-atomic/szymanski.yml/cseq-szymanski.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         45.03       34.69        None
pthread-atomic/time_var_mutex.yml/cseq-time_var_mutex.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.09        None
pthread-complex/bounded_buffer.yml/cseq-bounded_buffer.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.21       46.02        None
pthread-complex/safestack_relacy.yml/cseq-safestack_relacy.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.08        None
pthread-complex/workstealqueue_mutex-2.yml/cseq-workstealqueue_mutex-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.66        0.97        None
pthread-deagle/arithmetic_prog_bad.yml/cseq-arithmetic_prog_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.46       46.02        None
pthread-deagle/arithmetic_prog_ok.yml/cseq-arithmetic_prog_ok.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        0.81        None
pthread-deagle/circular_buffer_bad.yml/cseq-circular_buffer_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.43       46.01        None
pthread-deagle/circular_buffer_ok.yml/cseq-circular_buffer_ok.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.48        0.49        None
pthread-divine/tls_basic.yml/cseq-tls_basic.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.46        0.47        None
pthread-driver-races/char_generic_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl_write_nvram.yml/cseq-char_generic_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl_write_nvram.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(Compilation error)         1.46        1.79        None
pthread-driver-races/char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl.yml/cseq-char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Compilation error)         1.34        1.54        None
pthread-driver-races/char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_write_nvram.yml/cseq-char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_write_nvram.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(Compilation error)         2.22        2.93        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(Compilation error)         1.55        2.11        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Compilation error)         2.37        4.13        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Compilation error)         1.68        2.77        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Compilation error)         2.33        4.18        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(Compilation error)         1.61        3.00        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(Compilation error)         1.62        2.77        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(Compilation error)         1.63        2.47        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Compilation error)         1.53        2.81        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Compilation error)         2.27        3.81        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_get_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_get_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(Compilation error)         1.66        2.60        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_change.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_change.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Compilation error)         1.67        3.08        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Compilation error)         1.60        2.93        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(Compilation error)         1.64        2.85        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(Compilation error)         1.58        2.94        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/cseq-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(Compilation error)         1.60        2.69        None
pthread-ext/01b_inc.yml/cseq-01b_inc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                         12.68       46.01        None
pthread-ext/02_inc_cas.yml/cseq-02_inc_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                         16.40       46.04        None
pthread-ext/03_incdec.yml/cseq-03_incdec.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                         12.93       46.04        None
pthread-ext/04_incdec_cas.yml/cseq-04_incdec_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                         15.03       46.17        None
pthread-ext/08_rand_cas.yml/cseq-08_rand_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                         46.09       47.67        None
pthread-ext/09_fmaxsym.yml/cseq-09_fmaxsym.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                         12.45       46.02        None
pthread-ext/11_fmaxsymopt.yml/cseq-11_fmaxsymopt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                         12.45       46.03        None
pthread-ext/14_spin2003.yml/cseq-14_spin2003.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                         13.32       46.08        None
pthread-ext/18_read_write_lock.yml/cseq-18_read_write_lock.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.64        None
pthread-ext/25_stack.yml/cseq-25_stack.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.02       22.62        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-1.yml/cseq-25_stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.68        2.25        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-2.yml/cseq-25_stack_longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.16       25.43        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longest-1.yml/cseq-25_stack_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.14       26.37        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longest-2.yml/cseq-25_stack_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.47       46.13        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas.yml/cseq-26_stack_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.17       26.80        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml/cseq-26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.49       46.08        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-2.yml/cseq-26_stack_cas_longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.27       26.95        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml/cseq-26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.48       46.05        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longest-2.yml/cseq-26_stack_cas_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.29       26.57        None
pthread-ext/28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml/cseq-28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.45       46.02        None
pthread-ext/29_conditionals_vs.yml/cseq-29_conditionals_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                         15.67       46.02        None
pthread-ext/31_simple_loop5_vs.yml/cseq-31_simple_loop5_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.00       25.16        None
pthread-ext/35_double_lock_p3_vs.yml/cseq-35_double_lock_p3_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                         24.66       46.05        None
pthread-ext/36_stack_cas_p0_vs_concur.yml/cseq-36_stack_cas_p0_vs_concur.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       24.30        None
pthread-ext/37_stack_lock_p0_vs_concur.yml/cseq-37_stack_lock_p0_vs_concur.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       24.61        None
pthread-ext/39_rand_lock_p0_vs.yml/cseq-39_rand_lock_p0_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.93       25.06        None
pthread-ext/40_barrier_vf.yml/cseq-40_barrier_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.49       46.02        None
pthread-ext/45_monabsex1_vs.yml/cseq-45_monabsex1_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                         16.26       46.03        None
pthread-ext/46_monabsex2_vs.yml/cseq-46_monabsex2_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                         15.42       46.05        None
pthread-ext/48_ticket_lock_low_contention_vs.yml/cseq-48_ticket_lock_low_contention_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.28        None
pthread-lit/sssc12.yml/cseq-sssc12.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.54        1.49        None
pthread-lit/sssc12_variant.yml/cseq-sssc12_variant.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.52        1.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/cseq-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/cseq-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        1.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/cseq-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.07        2.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/cseq-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.00        1.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/cseq-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        1.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/cseq-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/cseq-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.99        1.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/cseq-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/cseq-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.01        2.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/cseq-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/cseq-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        1.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.43        2.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/cseq-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.26        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/cseq-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/cseq-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.01        2.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix008_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.52        2.67        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/cseq-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        1.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/cseq-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        2.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/cseq-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        2.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/cseq-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        2.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/cseq-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        1.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        2.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.80        1.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        1.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/cseq-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/cseq-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        2.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/cseq-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.01        2.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix014_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.45        3.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/cseq-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        2.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/cseq-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        1.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/cseq-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        2.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        2.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/cseq-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        1.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        2.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/cseq-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.25        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/cseq-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        1.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/cseq-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/cseq-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/cseq-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.00        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        1.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/cseq-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_tso.yml/cseq-mix023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.68        3.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        2.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        1.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        1.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        2.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/cseq-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.01        1.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        1.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/cseq-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        1.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        1.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/cseq-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.99        2.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.99        2.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.99        2.25        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/cseq-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/cseq-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.83        1.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/cseq-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.80        1.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/cseq-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/cseq-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.85        1.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/cseq-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.86        2.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.79        1.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.78        1.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/cseq-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        2.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.83        1.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/cseq-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        2.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.90        2.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/cseq-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        1.98        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/cseq-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.83        1.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        2.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/cseq-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/cseq-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        2.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/cseq-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        2.00        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.80        1.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        2.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/cseq-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.51        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/cseq-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        2.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/cseq-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        2.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/cseq-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/cseq-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        2.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        3.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        2.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/cseq-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        2.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/cseq-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.06        2.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        2.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        2.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.90        2.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/cseq-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         1.00        2.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        2.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        2.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.87        1.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.83        2.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/cseq-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        1.80        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        2.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        2.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.80        2.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/cseq-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        2.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        2.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/cseq-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        2.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.85        1.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.01        2.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.10        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        2.21        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        1.92        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_tso.yml/cseq-rfi000_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       28.21        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.84        2.35        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.85        3.38        None
pthread-wmm/rfi002_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-rfi002_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       29.12        None
pthread-wmm/rfi002_tso.yml/cseq-rfi002_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       29.00        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        3.19        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_tso.yml/cseq-rfi003_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       28.64        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/cseq-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.85        3.91        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/cseq-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.60       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/cseq-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        5.15        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/cseq-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        4.52        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.08        5.33        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/cseq-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        4.75        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.85        3.17        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/cseq-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        3.35        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/cseq-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        3.44        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/cseq-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        3.53        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/cseq-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        3.95        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        4.43        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        4.10        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/cseq-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        3.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.14        4.70        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.01        4.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       36.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/cseq-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.10        4.48        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.14        4.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        4.64        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.15        4.96        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_tso.yml/cseq-safe001_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       37.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.15        4.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.90        3.26        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.12        3.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_tso.yml/cseq-safe002_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       39.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         1.19        3.23        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.00        3.11        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_tso.yml/cseq-safe003_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       39.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         1.19        4.75        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        4.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_tso.yml/cseq-safe004_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.53        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        4.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_tso.yml/cseq-safe005_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.28        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.78        2.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        2.81        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.72       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.77        1.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.83        2.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.52        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin001_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe007_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin001_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.90        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        1.39        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        1.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_tso.yml/cseq-safe008_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.72       43.01        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.98        2.34        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe009_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       44.57        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        1.76        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        1.50        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        2.14        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_tso.yml/cseq-safe010_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.72       44.50        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        1.64        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/cseq-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        1.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_tso.yml/cseq-safe011_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.72       45.28        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        1.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        1.54        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        1.70        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        2.25        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_tso.yml/cseq-safe012_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.74       45.44        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        1.65        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_tso.yml/cseq-safe013_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.75       45.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        2.11        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        3.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe014_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.74       45.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        1.52        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.11        2.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.90        2.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.11        2.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe015_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/cseq-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.13        3.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.04        2.98        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.13        2.21        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe016_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        1.55        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.13        2.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        1.99        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_tso.yml/cseq-safe017_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.85        1.82        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        1.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe018_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.76       45.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        1.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        1.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        1.78        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe019_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.18        2.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe019_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        1.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(Compilation error)         1.06        1.58        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/cseq-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         1.06        2.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe020_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/cseq-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        1.48        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        1.75        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/cseq-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.95        1.98        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_tso.yml/cseq-safe021_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        1.20        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_tso.yml/cseq-safe022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         1.23        1.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_tso.yml/cseq-safe023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        1.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_tso.yml/cseq-safe024_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/cseq-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         0.96        1.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe025_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/cseq-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         1.13        1.96        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.91        1.25        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_tso.yml/cseq-safe026_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.26        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/cseq-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         1.02        1.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.opt.yml/cseq-safe027_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.19        2.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe027_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/cseq-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.97        1.74        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/cseq-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(Compilation error)         1.05        1.94        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe028_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/cseq-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.99        1.70        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.81        1.14        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.82        1.25        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_tso.yml/cseq-safe029_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.73       45.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.94        1.46        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        1.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_tso.yml/cseq-safe030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cseq-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(Compilation error)         0.92        1.86        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         0.93        2.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_tso.yml/cseq-safe031_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         1.16        1.83        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_tso.yml/cseq-safe032_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.78        1.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_tso.yml/cseq-safe033_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cseq-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.86        1.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_tso.yml/cseq-safe034_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe035_power.yml/cseq-safe035_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83       43.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe035_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-safe035_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       39.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe036.yml/cseq-safe036.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       36.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe037.yml/cseq-safe037.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       32.48        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/cseq-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(Compilation error)         0.89        1.33        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.opt.yml/cseq-thin002_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(Compilation error)         1.03        1.61        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cseq-thin002_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       26.82        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/cseq-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(Compilation error)         0.88        1.31        None
pthread/bigshot_s.yml/cseq-bigshot_s.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.13        None
pthread/bigshot_s2.yml/cseq-bigshot_s2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.23        None
pthread/fib_safe-10.yml/cseq-fib_safe-10.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        1.36        None
pthread/fib_safe-11.yml/cseq-fib_safe-11.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        1.87        None
pthread/fib_safe-12.yml/cseq-fib_safe-12.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        1.33        None
pthread/fib_safe-5.yml/cseq-fib_safe-5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.42        None
pthread/fib_safe-6.yml/cseq-fib_safe-6.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        1.89        None
pthread/fib_safe-7.yml/cseq-fib_safe-7.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.89        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-10.yml/cseq-fib_unsafe-10.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        3.23        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-11.yml/cseq-fib_unsafe-11.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        3.07        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-12.yml/cseq-fib_unsafe-12.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        2.50        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-5.yml/cseq-fib_unsafe-5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.47       46.02        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-6.yml/cseq-fib_unsafe-6.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.46       46.04        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-7.yml/cseq-fib_unsafe-7.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.47       46.03        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/cseq-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.51       46.08        None
pthread/queue.yml/cseq-queue.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.03        None
pthread/queue_ok.yml/cseq-queue_ok.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        1.03        None
pthread/queue_ok_longer.yml/cseq-queue_ok_longer.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        0.95        None
pthread/reorder_2.yml/cseq-reorder_2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70        1.17        None
pthread/reorder_5.yml/cseq-reorder_5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70        1.02        None
pthread/singleton.yml/cseq-singleton.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.02        None
pthread/singleton_with-uninit-problems.yml/cseq-singleton_with-uninit-problems.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        0.97        None
pthread/stack-1.yml/cseq-stack-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        0.63        None
pthread/stack-2.yml/cseq-stack-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.55       46.02        None
pthread/stack_longer-1.yml/cseq-stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.56       46.01        None
pthread/stack_longer-2.yml/cseq-stack_longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.43        0.42        None
pthread/stack_longest-1.yml/cseq-stack_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.35       46.02        None
pthread/stack_longest-2.yml/cseq-stack_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.41        0.40        None
pthread/stateful01-1.yml/cseq-stateful01-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.31       46.02        None
pthread/stateful01-2.yml/cseq-stateful01-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.37        0.38        None
pthread/sync01.yml/cseq-sync01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.39        0.40        None
pthread/triangular-1.yml/cseq-triangular-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.40        0.39        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/cseq-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.29       46.02        None
pthread/triangular-longer-1.yml/cseq-triangular-longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.44        0.44        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/cseq-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.33       46.01        None
pthread/triangular-longest-1.yml/cseq-triangular-longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.41        0.40        None
pthread/triangular-longest-2.yml/cseq-triangular-longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.29       46.02        None
pthread/twostage_3.yml/cseq-twostage_3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.46        0.46        None
weaver/array-eq-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-array-eq-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       18.66        None
weaver/array-eq-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-array-eq-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       19.19        None
weaver/bench-exp1x3.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp1x3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.42       27.42        None
weaver/bench-exp2x3.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp2x3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       30.06        None
weaver/bench-exp2x4.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp2x4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       30.68        None
weaver/bench-exp2x6.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp2x6.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       30.44        None
weaver/bench-exp2x9.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp2x9.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       30.02        None
weaver/bench-exp3x3-opt.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp3x3-opt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70       32.04        None
weaver/bench-exp3x3.wvr.yml/cseq-bench-exp3x3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       33.36        None
weaver/chl-array-int-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-array-int-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       39.52        None
weaver/chl-array-int-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-array-int-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       40.95        None
weaver/chl-array-int-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-array-int-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       41.52        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-opt-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-chromosome-opt-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       42.37        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-chromosome-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       43.35        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-chromosome-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.19        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-chromosome-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.12        None
weaver/chl-collitem-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-collitem-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.85        None
weaver/chl-collitem-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-collitem-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.66       45.41        None
weaver/chl-collitem-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-collitem-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.41        None
weaver/chl-exp-term-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-exp-term-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.03        None
weaver/chl-exp-term-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-exp-term-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.67       45.68        None
weaver/chl-file-item-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-file-item-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.67       45.29        None
weaver/chl-file-item-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-file-item-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.66       45.96        None
weaver/chl-file-item-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-file-item-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       44.81        None
weaver/chl-match-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-match-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.57        None
weaver/chl-match-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-match-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.61        None
weaver/chl-match-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-match-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       44.54        None
weaver/chl-name-comparator-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-name-comparator-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       44.26        None
weaver/chl-name-comparator-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-name-comparator-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       44.65        None
weaver/chl-name-comparator-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-name-comparator-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.21        None
weaver/chl-node-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-node-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.70       45.12        None
weaver/chl-node-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-node-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/chl-node-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-node-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.71       45.30        None
weaver/chl-nzb-file-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-nzb-file-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71       44.90        None
weaver/chl-nzb-file-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-nzb-file-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.69       45.79        None
weaver/chl-nzb-file-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-nzb-file-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.70       45.51        None
weaver/chl-poker-hand-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-poker-hand-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
weaver/chl-poker-hand-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-poker-hand-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.74       45.51        None
weaver/chl-poker-hand-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-poker-hand-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.31        None
weaver/chl-simpl-str-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-simpl-str-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.28        None
weaver/chl-simpl-str-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-simpl-str-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       44.84        None
weaver/chl-simpl-str-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-simpl-str-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.93        None
weaver/chl-sre-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-sre-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.69       45.10        None
weaver/chl-sre-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-sre-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.78        None
weaver/chl-sre-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-sre-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.66        None
weaver/chl-time-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-time-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       44.59        None
weaver/chl-time-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-time-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       44.44        None
weaver/chl-time-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-time-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       44.80        None
weaver/chl-word-subst.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-word-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       44.88        None
weaver/chl-word-symm.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-word-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.68       45.35        None
weaver/chl-word-trans.wvr.yml/cseq-chl-word-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.72        None
weaver/clever.wvr.yml/cseq-clever.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.67       45.32        None
weaver/fibonacci.wvr.yml/cseq-fibonacci.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.81        None
weaver/loop-tiling-eq.wvr.yml/cseq-loop-tiling-eq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       43.97        None
weaver/mult-comm.wvr.yml/cseq-mult-comm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       43.99        None
weaver/mult-dist.wvr.yml/cseq-mult-dist.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       44.48        None
weaver/mult-flipped-dist.wvr.yml/cseq-mult-flipped-dist.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       43.50        None
weaver/parallel-bakery-2.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-bakery-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       43.32        None
weaver/parallel-bakery-3.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-bakery-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70       42.64        None
weaver/parallel-bakery-4.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-bakery-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71       41.08        None
weaver/parallel-barrier-loop.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-barrier-loop.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.40       46.09        None
weaver/parallel-barrier.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-barrier.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62       41.06        None
weaver/parallel-bluetooth.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-bluetooth.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       41.09        None
weaver/parallel-lamport.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-lamport.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56       41.00        None
weaver/parallel-min-max-1.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-min-max-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       40.97        None
weaver/parallel-misc-1.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       40.28        None
weaver/parallel-misc-2-unrolled-atomic.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-2-unrolled-atomic.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       40.79        None
weaver/parallel-misc-2-unrolled.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-2-unrolled.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       40.52        None
weaver/parallel-misc-2.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       40.34        None
weaver/parallel-misc-3-extended.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-3-extended.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         21.27       46.03        None
weaver/parallel-misc-3.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         20.09       46.06        None
weaver/parallel-misc-4.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       42.73        None
weaver/parallel-misc-5.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-misc-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57       43.14        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-1-dsl.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-parallel-sum-1-dsl.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64       43.72        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-1.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-parallel-sum-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       43.88        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-2.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-parallel-sum-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60       44.56        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-equiv.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-parallel-sum-equiv.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60       44.10        None
weaver/parallel-simple-equiv.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-simple-equiv.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.66       45.35        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-2.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.66       45.27        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-3.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       44.11        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-4.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       43.89        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-5.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70       43.40        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-6.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-6.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.71       42.86        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-7.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-7.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       43.14        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-8.wvr.yml/cseq-parallel-ticket-8.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71       41.65        None
weaver/popl20-bad-buffer-mult-alt.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-buffer-mult-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       42.30        None
weaver/popl20-bad-buffer-mult-alt2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-buffer-mult-alt2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       41.60        None
weaver/popl20-bad-commit-1.wvr-bad.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-commit-1.wvr-bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       41.46        None
weaver/popl20-bad-commit-2.wvr-bad.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-commit-2.wvr-bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71       42.40        None
weaver/popl20-bad-counter-queue.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-counter-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.37       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-bad-counter-queue2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-counter-queue2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       38.65        None
weaver/popl20-bad-dot-product-alt.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-dot-product-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       39.15        None
weaver/popl20-bad-dot-product.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-dot-product.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       39.67        None
weaver/popl20-bad-ring-nondet.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-ring-nondet.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       39.29        None
weaver/popl20-bad-ring.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-ring.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       39.72        None
weaver/popl20-bad-threaded-sum-2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-bad-threaded-sum-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       38.81        None
weaver/popl20-channel-sum.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-channel-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       38.79        None
weaver/popl20-commit-1.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-commit-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       39.70        None
weaver/popl20-commit-2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-commit-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       40.05        None
weaver/popl20-counter-determinism.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-counter-determinism.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       42.16        None
weaver/popl20-counter-fun.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-counter-fun.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       42.66        None
weaver/popl20-difference-det.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-difference-det.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       42.18        None
weaver/popl20-figure1-alt.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-figure1-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       43.14        None
weaver/popl20-figure1.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-figure1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64       43.23        None
weaver/popl20-figure3.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-figure3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       41.65        None
weaver/popl20-horseshoe.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-horseshoe.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       42.67        None
weaver/popl20-min-max-dec.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-min-max-dec.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       42.80        None
weaver/popl20-min-max-inc-dec.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-min-max-inc-dec.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       42.20        None
weaver/popl20-min-max-inc.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-min-max-inc.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       41.91        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum-alt.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-array-sum-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.36       46.08        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum-alt2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-array-sum-alt2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       38.33        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-array-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       39.02        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-array-sum2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55       38.86        None
weaver/popl20-more-buffer-mult.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-buffer-mult.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       38.39        None
weaver/popl20-more-buffer-mult2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-buffer-mult2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       38.36        None
weaver/popl20-more-buffer-series.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-buffer-series.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       38.19        None
weaver/popl20-more-buffer-series2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-buffer-series2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69       38.54        None
weaver/popl20-more-dec-subseq.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-dec-subseq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       38.94        None
weaver/popl20-more-inc-subseq.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-inc-subseq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       38.64        None
weaver/popl20-more-max-array-hom.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-max-array-hom.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       41.12        None
weaver/popl20-more-max-array.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-max-array.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       41.39        None
weaver/popl20-more-min-array-hom.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-min-array-hom.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       41.83        None
weaver/popl20-more-min-array.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-min-array.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       43.58        None
weaver/popl20-more-min-le-max.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-min-le-max.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       42.49        None
weaver/popl20-more-mts.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-mts.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       43.43        None
weaver/popl20-more-multiply-verify.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-multiply-verify.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.55        None
weaver/popl20-more-nonblocking-counter-alt2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-nonblocking-counter-alt2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.51       43.18        None
weaver/popl20-more-queue-add-2-nl.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-queue-add-2-nl.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       43.33        None
weaver/popl20-more-queue-add-3-nl.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-queue-add-3-nl.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       43.10        None
weaver/popl20-more-sorted.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-sorted.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       43.99        None
weaver/popl20-more-sum-array-hom.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-sum-array-hom.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.74        None
weaver/popl20-more-vector-add.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-more-vector-add.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       42.55        None
weaver/popl20-mult-4.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-mult-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       43.27        None
weaver/popl20-mult-equiv.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-mult-equiv.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.20        None
weaver/popl20-nonblocking-cntr-alt.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-nonblocking-cntr-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.51       44.01        None
weaver/popl20-nonblocking-cntr.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-nonblocking-cntr.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.51       43.12        None
weaver/popl20-prod-cons-eq.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-prod-cons-eq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       43.49        None
weaver/popl20-prod-cons.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-prod-cons.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       42.78        None
weaver/popl20-prod-cons3.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-prod-cons3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       42.78        None
weaver/popl20-proofs-counter-add-4-semi-Q67.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-proofs-counter-add-4-semi-Q67.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       42.19        None
weaver/popl20-queue-add-2.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-queue-add-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.33        None
weaver/popl20-queue-add-3.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-queue-add-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68       43.48        None
weaver/popl20-send-receive-alt.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-send-receive-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.30        None
weaver/popl20-send-receive.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-send-receive.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.63        None
weaver/popl20-simple-array-sum.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-simple-array-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       44.01        None
weaver/popl20-simple-queue.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-simple-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       42.65        None
weaver/popl20-threaded-sum-3.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-threaded-sum-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       43.24        None
weaver/popl20-three-array-max.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-three-array-max.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       43.27        None
weaver/popl20-three-array-min.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-three-array-min.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54       42.84        None
weaver/popl20-three-array-sum.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-three-array-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.50        None
weaver/popl20-two-queue.wvr.yml/cseq-popl20-two-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       43.42        None
weaver/security.wvr.yml/cseq-security.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.71        None
weaver/spaghetti.wvr.yml/cseq-spaghetti.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67       43.59        None
weaver/test-context1.wvr.yml/cseq-test-context1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.30        None
weaver/test-easy1.wvr.yml/cseq-test-easy1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64       43.73        None
weaver/test-easy10.wvr.yml/cseq-test-easy10.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       43.27        None
weaver/test-easy11.wvr.yml/cseq-test-easy11.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         false(unreach-call)              0.66       43.31        None
weaver/test-easy6.wvr.yml/cseq-test-easy6.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       44.13        None
weaver/test-easy7.wvr.yml/cseq-test-easy7.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       42.81        None
weaver/test-easy8.wvr.yml/cseq-test-easy8.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64       42.39        None
weaver/test-hard1.wvr.yml/cseq-test-hard1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       42.64        None
weaver/test-semi1.wvr.yml/cseq-test-semi1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63       42.48        None
weaver/unroll-2.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       42.20        None
weaver/unroll-3.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       41.25        None
weaver/unroll-4.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       41.15        None
weaver/unroll-5.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       40.51        None
weaver/unroll-cond-2.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-cond-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       40.33        None
weaver/unroll-cond-3.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-cond-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       39.03        None
weaver/unroll-cond-4.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-cond-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.52       37.94        None
weaver/unroll-cond-5.wvr.yml/cseq-unroll-cond-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.49       15.65        None
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   done                           448.96     1401.81           -

Statistics:            656 Files
  correct:               6
    correct true:        0
    correct false:       6
  incorrect:             6
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     6
  unknown:             644
  Score:               -90 (max: 996)
