   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-graves
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:21:12 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az813-447
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         2649.77 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-graves
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     status                       cpu time   wall time        host
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml/graves-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.65        1.55        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml/graves-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.54        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml/graves-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66        1.54        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml/graves-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.65        1.53        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/graves-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.63        1.50        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/graves-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66        1.56        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/graves-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.51        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/graves-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.56        1.47        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/graves-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.56        1.42        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/graves-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.36        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml/graves-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/graves-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        1.59        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml/graves-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.64        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/graves-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.60        1.66        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/graves-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.56        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/graves-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.55        1.64        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/graves-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/graves-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.82       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-2_1-container_of.yml/graves-race-2_1-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.38       29.95        None
ldv-races/race-2_2-container_of.yml/graves-race-2_2-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.43       30.76        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/graves-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.72       33.59        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/graves-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.71       32.10        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/graves-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.71       32.77        None
pthread-deagle/arithmetic_prog_bad.yml/graves-arithmetic_prog_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         false(unreach-call)              0.58        1.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/graves-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       29.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/graves-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       31.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/graves-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       35.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/graves-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       37.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/graves-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       36.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/graves-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       37.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/graves-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       39.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       38.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/graves-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       39.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/graves-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/graves-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.67        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/graves-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.98        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       42.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/graves-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/graves-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/graves-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.80        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/graves-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/graves-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/graves-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/graves-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/graves-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.67        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/graves-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/graves-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/graves-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/graves-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/graves-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/graves-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/graves-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/graves-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/graves-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.25        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/graves-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/graves-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/graves-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.51        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.16        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       43.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/graves-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.00        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/graves-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.16        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.56        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/graves-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.16        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/graves-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.97        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/graves-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/graves-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/graves-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/graves-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/graves-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/graves-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.56        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/graves-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/graves-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/graves-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/graves-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/graves-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/graves-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/graves-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.26        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/graves-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/graves-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/graves-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/graves-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/graves-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.80        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/graves-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.83        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/graves-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/graves-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.56        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/graves-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.25        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/graves-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/graves-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.67        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.46        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.59        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.93        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/graves-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/graves-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              1.07       44.90        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/graves-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.47       45.30        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/graves-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.51       43.56        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/graves-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45       44.72        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.64        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/graves-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.99        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/graves-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.24        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/graves-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.05        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/graves-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.46       45.48        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/graves-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.55        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          1.40       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/graves-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.25        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.65       45.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/graves-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.38        6.96        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/graves-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          1.59       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.68       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.60       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.61       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.61       43.62        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.34        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/graves-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.40        7.25        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.26       45.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/graves-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.23        7.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.21       43.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.35       44.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/graves-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.70        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.32       43.86        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/graves-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        6.91        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.49       44.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/graves-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.36        7.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.46       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.30        8.56        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.11        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/graves-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.28        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.34       44.19        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/graves-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.18        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.33       44.81        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.54        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.33       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/graves-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          1.36       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.33       45.46        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.55       10.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.04       21.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/graves-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.55        6.75        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/graves-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.52        5.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.60       45.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/graves-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.61        9.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.55       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.62        9.50        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.33       45.13        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/graves-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.47        6.13        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.31       45.28        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        7.19        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.55       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.58       44.38        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.56       10.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/graves-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45        5.88        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/graves-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.40        7.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.25        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/graves-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.42        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.23        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/graves-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              1.03       18.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/graves-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.53        6.62        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.35        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/graves-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.54       44.01        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/graves-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.50       44.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/graves-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.47        7.68        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/graves-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.37        5.61        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.34        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.82        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/graves-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       41.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       40.40        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       37.76        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       31.37        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/graves-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       30.54        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/graves-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.43       28.25        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/graves-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.40       22.40        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/graves-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.06        None
pthread/stateful01-1.yml/graves-stateful01-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.04        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/graves-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.13        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/graves-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.14        None
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     done                           219.26     1014.53           -

Statistics:            261 Files
  correct:              11
    correct true:        0
    correct false:      11
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             250
  Score:                11 (max: 262)
