   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-pichecker
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:22:39 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1336-15
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         3219.776 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-pichecker
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        status                       cpu time   wall time        host
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.64        1.42        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.48        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.44        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.64        1.43        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.55        1.44        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.46        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.46        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.54        1.37        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.54        1.32        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/pichecker-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.39        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/pichecker-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.40        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml/pichecker-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.54        1.43        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/pichecker-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.55        1.30        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/pichecker-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.60        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/pichecker-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.54        1.63        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/pichecker-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76        1.94        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/pichecker-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80        1.88        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/pichecker-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.09       42.86        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/pichecker-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03       42.50        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/pichecker-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.05       42.82        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml/pichecker-pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              1.40        5.14        None
pthread-atomic/read_write_lock-2.yml/pichecker-read_write_lock-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        3.57        None
pthread-ext/28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml/pichecker-28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                         20.84       46.04        None
pthread-lit/qw2004-2b.yml/pichecker-qw2004-2b.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        2.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/pichecker-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/pichecker-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.97        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/pichecker-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       41.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/pichecker-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/pichecker-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       42.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/pichecker-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.80        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/pichecker-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/pichecker-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/pichecker-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/pichecker-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/pichecker-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       42.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/pichecker-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/pichecker-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix014_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.84       44.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/pichecker-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.80        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/pichecker-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/pichecker-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/pichecker-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/pichecker-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/pichecker-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.99       45.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_tso.yml/pichecker-mix023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       43.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/pichecker-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/pichecker-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.00       44.56        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.75        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/pichecker-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03       44.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.41        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/pichecker-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/pichecker-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/pichecker-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.26        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/pichecker-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/pichecker-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/pichecker-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/pichecker-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92       44.51        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/pichecker-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95       44.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/pichecker-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94       44.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/pichecker-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.99       44.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.50        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95       43.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/pichecker-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.97       45.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.83        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       43.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/pichecker-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/pichecker-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/pichecker-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94       44.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95       43.84        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.31        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92       43.99        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.76       45.20        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92       42.74        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/pichecker-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.90        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/pichecker-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83       44.45        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       44.20        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98       44.27        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.98        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/pichecker-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       43.34        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.09        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/pichecker-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       44.81        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/pichecker-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.64        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.73        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98       44.64        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/pichecker-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.75        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.99       45.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/pichecker-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.83        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.08       45.41        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.02       45.64        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/pichecker-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.06       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.09       45.88        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.54        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.04       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.03       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.74        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.02       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.97       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.84        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.87       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.90       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.87       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.90       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.93       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.88       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.55        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.97       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.98       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.02       45.81        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.01       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.00       45.60        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/pichecker-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.93       44.57        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.96       45.46        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.71        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.96       45.90        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.89       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.89       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.93       45.44        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.07       45.47        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (false(unreach-call))        0.86       45.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          1.02       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/pichecker-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          1.01       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.00       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          1.08       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.01       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.12       45.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.89       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.88       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.97       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.99       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe019_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.01       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          1.04       46.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/pichecker-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/pichecker-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.97       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/pichecker-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.81        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/pichecker-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (false(unreach-call))        0.89       45.54        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/pichecker-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          1.03       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.01       45.56        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.opt.yml/pichecker-safe027_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.82       45.49        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/pichecker-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.01       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/pichecker-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/pichecker-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.96       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.74       45.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.94       45.60        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.93       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/pichecker-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       44.73        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.53        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/pichecker-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       40.88        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/pichecker-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94       39.97        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.opt.yml/pichecker-thin002_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       23.19        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/pichecker-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92       19.83        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/pichecker-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.62        1.85        None
pthread/singleton.yml/pichecker-singleton.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              0.91        4.00        None
pthread/stack-2.yml/pichecker-stack-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              1.63        4.77        None
pthread/stateful01-1.yml/pichecker-stateful01-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.65        3.75        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/pichecker-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        3.29        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/pichecker-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        2.20        None
pthread/triangular-longest-2.yml/pichecker-triangular-longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        1.71        None
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        done                           181.32     1088.03           -

Statistics:            269 Files
  correct:              12
    correct true:        0
    correct false:      12
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             257
  Score:                12 (max: 269)
