   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:18:52 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az797-145
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         2445.433 MHz
ram:                     16766.775296 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     status                       cpu time   wall time        host
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.68        6.76        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        6.70        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        6.75        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.58        6.67        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.56        6.62        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        6.73        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        6.74        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.57        6.64        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.58        6.69        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        6.69        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_68-pfscan_protected_loop_minimal_interval_true.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_68-pfscan_protected_loop_minimal_interval_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.39        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_69-refine-protected-loop-interval_true.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-13-privatized_69-refine-protected-loop-interval_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        1.37        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.56        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_94-alloc_region_racing.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-28-race_reach_94-alloc_region_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   false(unreach-call)              0.80        1.82        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.59        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.59        1.45        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.65        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.57        1.45        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73        1.63        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73        1.65        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          1.63       46.04        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          1.59       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          1.59       46.03        None
pthread-divine/tls_destructor_worker.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-tls_destructor_worker.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.59        1.45        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-1.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-25_stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.72        2.51        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longest-2.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-25_stack_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.75        2.99        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.68        2.53        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.76        2.90        None
pthread-ext/28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                         26.49       46.06        None
pthread-lit/qw2004-2b.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-qw2004-2b.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.88       45.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.84       46.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.83       45.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       41.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.41        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.00        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.98        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       43.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.75        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       43.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.38        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.70        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.73        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.90        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       41.92        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       41.88        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.24        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.47       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.48       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.44        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.41       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.79        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.36        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       40.23        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45       42.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       40.98        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.46       41.58        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       40.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.61       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.42       13.99        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          1.60       46.13        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.62       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.61       44.40        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.64       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.58       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45       11.51        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       42.49        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.25       44.74        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.22        6.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.20       43.42        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.33       43.32        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.32       44.13        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.55        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        6.35        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.47       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39       12.40        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.46       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.31       10.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.31        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.48        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.87        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.34       45.72        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.34       45.23        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.36       44.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.40       45.19        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.37       45.39        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.51        6.91        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.04       21.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.58        7.96        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.58        8.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.57       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.55       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.34       45.91        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45        5.71        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.27       45.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.40        9.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.55       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.58       44.98        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.52        4.37        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45        7.61        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        4.82        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.37        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.97        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.97        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              1.07       24.82        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.52        5.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.32        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.49       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.51       44.32        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.48        8.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        7.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.72        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       41.72        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       40.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       39.61        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.46       39.46        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.44       35.40        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.03        None
pthread/stateful01-1.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-stateful01-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.56       46.07        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57        1.60        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.16        None
weaver/loop-tiling-eq.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-loop-tiling-eq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.72       33.77        None
weaver/mult-comm.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-mult-comm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       33.44        None
weaver/popl20-figure1-alt.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-popl20-figure1-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65       32.72        None
weaver/popl20-nonblocking-cntr-alt.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-popl20-nonblocking-cntr-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53       29.88        None
weaver/popl20-simple-queue.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-popl20-simple-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66       26.94        None
weaver/test-context1.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-test-context1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64       23.58        None
weaver/test-easy1.wvr.yml/coveriteam-verifier-parallel-portfolio-test-easy1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63       23.20        None
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     done                           200.27      956.60           -

Statistics:            258 Files
  correct:              15
    correct true:        0
    correct false:      15
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             243
  Score:                15 (max: 267)
