   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-dartagnan
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:15:12 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1787-171
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         2445.436 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-dartagnan
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        status                       cpu time   wall time        host
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.65        1.49        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.46        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.48        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.58        1.45        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.57        1.43        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.50       46.02        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.50       46.01        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.64        1.40        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.65        1.46        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/dartagnan-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.41       46.05        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/dartagnan-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        0.92        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml/dartagnan-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.43       46.02        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/dartagnan-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.56        1.03        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/dartagnan-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53        1.04        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/dartagnan-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.56        0.96        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/dartagnan-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.60       46.02        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/dartagnan-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74        1.20        None
ldv-races/race-2_2-container_of.yml/dartagnan-race-2_2-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.02        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/dartagnan-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.96       16.42        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/dartagnan-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94       16.40        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/dartagnan-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.96       15.66        None
ldv-races/race-3_2-container_of-global.yml/dartagnan-race-3_2-container_of-global.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml/dartagnan-pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-atomic/read_write_lock-2.yml/dartagnan-read_write_lock-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.36       46.01        None
pthread-deagle/arithmetic_prog_bad.yml/dartagnan-arithmetic_prog_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.39       46.01        None
pthread-deagle/circular_buffer_bad.yml/dartagnan-circular_buffer_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.46       46.04        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-1.yml/dartagnan-25_stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.47        0.46        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml/dartagnan-26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.45       46.01        None
pthread-ext/28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml/dartagnan-28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                         26.39       46.02        None
pthread-ext/40_barrier_vf.yml/dartagnan-40_barrier_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                         22.78       45.09        None
pthread-lit/qw2004-2b.yml/dartagnan-qw2004-2b.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.48       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.90        1.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.89        2.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.00        1.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94        1.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.97        1.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97        1.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.93        1.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.91        1.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.05        1.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.99        1.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94        1.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.02        1.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.02        1.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.91        1.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.90        1.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.28        1.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.99        1.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94        1.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.99        1.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.05        1.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix008_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.38        1.98        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.85        1.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92        2.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.95        3.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98        3.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98        2.80        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.00        2.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              0.97        2.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.86        2.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.90        1.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.07        3.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.04        2.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.02        2.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.07        2.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix014_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.42        3.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.99        2.98        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.99        3.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.93        1.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.98        3.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97        2.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.03        2.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.97        1.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.05        1.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        1.98        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.03        2.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.06        2.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.94        2.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.96        1.75        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              0.97        2.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.09        2.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.01        2.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        2.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.06        1.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.02        3.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.87        1.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/dartagnan-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.93        3.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.05        2.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.99        2.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_tso.yml/dartagnan-mix023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.48        2.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.97        2.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.92        1.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.95        1.74        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.91        1.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.04        2.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              1.02        2.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.99        1.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.05        2.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.98        2.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/dartagnan-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.07        4.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.96        2.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95        3.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/dartagnan-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.00        3.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              1.08        2.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              1.02        1.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.07        2.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              1.01        1.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/dartagnan-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        4.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.91        3.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.85        3.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.98        2.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.92        3.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.90        2.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.04        4.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.02        3.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.91        3.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.87        4.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.04        4.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.97        5.16        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.96        4.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.12        4.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              1.01        3.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.98        3.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.01        3.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.16        7.00        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.13        3.51        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.94        4.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.02        3.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.02        3.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.11        4.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.99        3.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.01        3.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.13        3.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        3.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.92        2.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.90        2.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.00        2.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.94        2.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.10        3.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        3.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.03        5.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.12        3.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.11        4.51        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.97        2.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.93        2.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.10        3.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.02        2.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.14        3.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              1.00        3.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    false(unreach-call)              0.90        3.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    false(unreach-call)              0.98        2.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/dartagnan-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              1.10        3.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              1.10        3.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.95        2.74        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.10        4.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.98        2.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.91        2.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              0.97        3.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.97        2.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.12        3.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.03        2.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.88        3.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.90        3.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.99        3.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.08        3.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              1.08        3.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.99        3.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.94        3.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.11        4.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.02        4.35        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              1.08        4.21        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.91        4.54        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            false(unreach-call)              0.92        4.05        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.90        2.78        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.86        4.36        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/dartagnan-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.85        4.34        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/dartagnan-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95       22.60        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97        3.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.07        6.92        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.10        4.55        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/dartagnan-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.99        4.49        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.91        4.44        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/dartagnan-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97        3.26        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/dartagnan-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.02        4.48        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.96        4.78        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98        3.94        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/dartagnan-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.07        3.50        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.02        4.75        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/dartagnan-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95        3.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.16        4.63        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.05        4.92        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/dartagnan-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.09        4.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.14        4.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.01        3.70        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.13        3.92        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.12        3.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.97        2.64        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.12        3.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              1.19        3.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.04        6.98        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              1.18        6.20        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              1.01        5.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              1.01        5.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.87        3.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.91        4.88        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.85        4.51        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.93        5.44        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.01        4.67        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92        4.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              1.00        4.47        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.05        5.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.04        4.28        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        3.43        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        5.58        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.96        4.26        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.91        3.01        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.00        3.43        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.00        3.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.91        2.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98        3.21        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.95        3.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.89        4.43        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.94        3.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.91        2.87        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95        3.41        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.91        3.47        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.10        4.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.21        4.62        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.11        4.40        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/dartagnan-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.10        3.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        3.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.15        4.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        3.46        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.12        4.52        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97        3.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.88        1.52        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.06        4.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.90        3.21        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.00        3.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        3.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe019_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.17        3.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        3.32        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.10        2.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/dartagnan-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.06        3.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/dartagnan-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.01        2.70        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.98        2.71        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.96        3.55        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.87        2.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              1.18        3.55        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.95        3.38        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/dartagnan-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              1.20        3.75        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/dartagnan-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.08        5.26        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.99        4.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        4.64        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe027_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.21        9.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/dartagnan-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.04        5.72        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/dartagnan-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.09        5.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/dartagnan-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.03        4.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.89        3.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.89        3.34        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              1.01        3.47        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.95        3.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/dartagnan-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.95        4.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.95        2.90        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              1.13        6.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.85        4.41        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/dartagnan-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.92        4.50        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/dartagnan-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.01        4.37        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.opt.yml/dartagnan-thin002_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.05        3.44        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/dartagnan-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98        4.09        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-5.yml/dartagnan-fib_unsafe-5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.13       46.09        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-6.yml/dartagnan-fib_unsafe-6.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.24       46.02        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-7.yml/dartagnan-fib_unsafe-7.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.35       46.03        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/dartagnan-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.45       46.02        None
pthread/queue.yml/dartagnan-queue.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.07        None
pthread/queue_longer.yml/dartagnan-queue_longer.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.17        None
pthread/singleton.yml/dartagnan-singleton.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.07        None
pthread/stack-2.yml/dartagnan-stack-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.70        1.19        None
pthread/stack_longer-1.yml/dartagnan-stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.07        None
pthread/stack_longest-1.yml/dartagnan-stack_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.55        0.57        None
pthread/stateful01-1.yml/dartagnan-stateful01-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.39       46.01        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/dartagnan-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.41       46.01        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/dartagnan-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.37       46.01        None
weaver/chl-sre-symm.wvr.yml/dartagnan-chl-sre-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.23       46.01        None
weaver/chl-sre-trans.wvr.yml/dartagnan-chl-sre-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.23       46.02        None
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        done                           252.87      252.56           -

Statistics:            285 Files
  correct:             138
    correct true:        0
    correct false:     138
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             147
  Score:               138 (max: 287)
