   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-infer
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:22:04 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1373-605
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         2962.263 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-infer
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    status                       cpu time   wall time        host
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_01-priv_nr_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_01-priv_nr_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70        2.91        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_04-priv_multi_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_04-priv_multi_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.56       46.02        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_18-first-reads_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71        2.87        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml/infer-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.62        2.85        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml/infer-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.63        2.88        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        2.88        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/infer-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.61        2.78        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/infer-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71        2.87        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/infer-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        2.86        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/infer-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.70        2.76        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_20-publish-regression_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_20-publish-regression_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        1.25        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_24-multiple-protecting_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_24-multiple-protecting_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        1.31        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_25-struct_nr_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_25-struct_nr_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.28        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_27-multiple-protecting2_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_27-multiple-protecting2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        1.22        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_29-multiple-protecting2-vesal_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_29-multiple-protecting2-vesal_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.31        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_30-traces-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_30-traces-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.45        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_31-traces-mine-vs-mutex_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_31-traces-mine-vs-mutex_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.40        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_32-traces-mine-vs-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_32-traces-mine-vs-oplus-vs-meet_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.38        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_33-traces-v-matters_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_33-traces-v-matters_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        1.20        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_34-traces-minepp-L-needs-to-be-um_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_34-traces-minepp-L-needs-to-be-um_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.21        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_35-traces-ex-2_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_35-traces-ex-2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        1.36        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_36-traces-ex-3_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_36-traces-ex-3_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        1.45        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_37-traces-ex-4_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_37-traces-ex-4_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60        1.35        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_38-traces-ex-4-switch_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_38-traces-ex-4-switch_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        1.36        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_40-traces-ex-6_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_40-traces-ex-6_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.22        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/infer-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.62        1.33        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/infer-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.60        1.30        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_42-traces-ex-mini_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_42-traces-ex-mini_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.19        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_44-traces-mine2_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_44-traces-mine2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.31        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_45-traces-per-global-and-current-lock-mine-incomparable_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_45-traces-per-global-and-current-lock-mine-incomparable_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.35        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_46-refine-protected1_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_46-refine-protected1_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.38        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_47-refine-protected2_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_47-refine-protected2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        1.28        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_52-refine-protected-loop2-small_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_52-refine-protected-loop2-small_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.38        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_57-singlethreaded-unlock_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_57-singlethreaded-unlock_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.35        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_58-singlethreaded-lock_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_58-singlethreaded-lock_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        1.35        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_66-mine-W-init_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_66-mine-W-init_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.61        1.28        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.59       46.03        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml/infer-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.54       46.02        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_pos.yml/infer-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.58       46.02        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_68-pfscan_protected_loop_minimal_interval_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_68-pfscan_protected_loop_minimal_interval_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.62        1.01        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_69-refine-protected-loop-interval_true.yml/infer-13-privatized_69-refine-protected-loop-interval_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        1.11        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_01-simple_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_01-simple_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         25.68       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_02-simple_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_02-simple_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         26.08       45.86        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_03-munge_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_03-munge_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         25.95       46.00        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_04-munge_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_04-munge_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         26.10       45.84        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_05-lockfuns_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_05-lockfuns_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         25.98       45.98        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_06-cond_racing1.yml/infer-28-race_reach_06-cond_racing1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         25.78       46.01        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_07-cond_racing2.yml/infer-28-race_reach_07-cond_racing2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         17.66       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_08-cond_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_08-cond_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         16.82       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_09-ptrmunge_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_09-ptrmunge_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.80       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_10-ptrmunge_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_10-ptrmunge_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.73       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_11-ptr_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_11-ptr_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                         16.59       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_12-ptr_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_12-ptr_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         16.58       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_19-callback_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_19-callback_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.45       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_20-callback_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_20-callback_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.57       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_21-deref_read_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_21-deref_read_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.35       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_22-deref_read_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_22-deref_read_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.39       46.04        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_23-sound_unlock_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_23-sound_unlock_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.54       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_24-sound_lock_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_24-sound_lock_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.43       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_27-funptr_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_27-funptr_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         16.60       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_28-funptr_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_28-funptr_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.51       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_36-indirect_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_36-indirect_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.59       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_37-indirect_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_37-indirect_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                         16.41       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_40-trylock_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_40-trylock_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         16.36       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_41-trylock_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_41-trylock_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.38       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_42-trylock2_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_42-trylock2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.56       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.47        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_46-escape_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_46-escape_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.56        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_51-mutexptr_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_51-mutexptr_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                         16.67       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_60-invariant_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_60-invariant_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                         16.47       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_61-invariant_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_61-invariant_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.56       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_70-funloop_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_70-funloop_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.58       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_71-funloop_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_71-funloop_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         16.53       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_72-funloop_hard_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_72-funloop_hard_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         16.25       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_73-funloop_hard_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_73-funloop_hard_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         16.48       46.04        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_74-tricky_address1_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_74-tricky_address1_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.71       46.05        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_75-tricky_address2_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_75-tricky_address2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.64       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_76-tricky_address3_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_76-tricky_address3_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                         16.60       46.02        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_77-tricky_address4_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_77-tricky_address4_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         16.57       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_78-equ_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_78-equ_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                         12.57       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_79-equ_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_79-equ_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         11.39       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_81-list_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_81-list_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                         11.62       46.04        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_82-list_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_82-list_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         10.87       46.03        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_83-list2_racing1.yml/infer-28-race_reach_83-list2_racing1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(Compilation error)         0.57        1.24        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_84-list2_racing2.yml/infer-28-race_reach_84-list2_racing2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(Compilation error)         0.57        1.18        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_85-list2_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_85-list2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Compilation error)         0.55        1.00        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_86-lists_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_86-lists_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         10.86       46.09        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_87-lists_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_87-lists_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                         10.76       46.09        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_90-arrayloop2_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_90-arrayloop2_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.86        1.90        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_91-arrayloop2_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_91-arrayloop2_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   false(unreach-call)              0.84        1.93        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_92-evilcollapse_racing.yml/infer-28-race_reach_92-evilcollapse_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   false(unreach-call)              0.83        1.99        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_93-evilcollapse_racefree.yml/infer-28-race_reach_93-evilcollapse_racefree.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               false(unreach-call)              0.84        2.33        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_11-traces-max-simple_true.yml/infer-36-apron_11-traces-max-simple_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.39        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_16-traces-unprot2_true.yml/infer-36-apron_16-traces-unprot2_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.63        1.48        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/infer-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.66        1.53        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_21-traces-cluster-based_true.yml/infer-36-apron_21-traces-cluster-based_true.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.65        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_22-traces-write-centered-vs-meet-mutex_true_no-overflow.yml/infer-36-apron_22-traces-write-centered-vs-meet-mutex_true_no-overflow.yml                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.45        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/infer-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67        1.59        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/infer-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.66        1.50        None
ldv-linux-3.14-races/linux-3.14--drivers--media--platform--marvell-ccic--cafe_ccic.ko.cil-1.yml/infer-linux-3.14--drivers--media--platform--marvell-ccic--cafe_ccic.ko.cil-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.36        0.70        None
ldv-linux-3.14-races/linux-3.14--drivers--media--platform--marvell-ccic--cafe_ccic.ko.cil-2.yml/infer-linux-3.14--drivers--media--platform--marvell-ccic--cafe_ccic.ko.cil-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.37        0.63        None
ldv-linux-3.14-races/linux-3.14--drivers--net--irda--nsc-ircc.ko.cil.yml/infer-linux-3.14--drivers--net--irda--nsc-ircc.ko.cil.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.36        0.61        None
ldv-linux-3.14-races/linux-3.14--drivers--net--irda--w83977af_ir.ko.cil.yml/infer-linux-3.14--drivers--net--irda--w83977af_ir.ko.cil.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.36        0.76        None
ldv-linux-3.14-races/linux-3.14--drivers--spi--spi-tegra20-slink.ko.cil.yml/infer-linux-3.14--drivers--spi--spi-tegra20-slink.ko.cil.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.36        0.83        None
ldv-races/race-1_1-join.yml/infer-race-1_1-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81        1.76        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/infer-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79        1.72        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/infer-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81        1.86        None
ldv-races/race-2_1-container_of.yml/infer-race-2_1-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       33.24        None
ldv-races/race-2_2-container_of.yml/infer-race-2_2-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.96       32.56        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/infer-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98       33.48        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/infer-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.99       33.78        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/infer-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98       31.95        None
ldv-races/race-3_1-container_of-global.yml/infer-race-3_1-container_of-global.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.96       31.04        None
ldv-races/race-3_2-container_of-global.yml/infer-race-3_2-container_of-global.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.98       30.60        None
ldv-races/race-4_1-thread_local_vars.yml/infer-race-4_1-thread_local_vars.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83        3.01        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-demo-datarace-1.yml/infer-pthread-demo-datarace-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78        3.02        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml/infer-pthread-demo-datarace-3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.80        4.09        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-finding-k-matches.yml/infer-pthread-finding-k-matches.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.97       29.95        None
pthread-C-DAC/pthread-numerical-integration.yml/infer-pthread-numerical-integration.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Parsing failed)            0.56        2.74        None
pthread-complex/bounded_buffer.yml/infer-bounded_buffer.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.93        4.96        None
pthread-complex/elimination_backoff_stack.yml/infer-elimination_backoff_stack.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.92        9.81        None
pthread-complex/safestack_relacy.yml/infer-safestack_relacy.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.84        3.19        None
pthread-complex/workstealqueue_mutex-2.yml/infer-workstealqueue_mutex-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  false(unreach-call)              0.88        3.74        None
pthread-deagle/arithmetic_prog_ok.yml/infer-arithmetic_prog_ok.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73        2.83        None
pthread-deagle/circular_buffer_bad.yml/infer-circular_buffer_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70        3.15        None
pthread-deagle/circular_buffer_ok.yml/infer-circular_buffer_ok.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70        3.12        None
pthread-driver-races/char_generic_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl_write_nvram.yml/infer-char_generic_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl_write_nvram.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(Compilation error)         2.05       11.08        None
pthread-driver-races/char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl.yml/infer-char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_nvram_unlocked_ioctl.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Compilation error)         2.03       10.50        None
pthread-driver-races/char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_write_nvram.yml/infer-char_generic_nvram_read_nvram_write_nvram.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(Compilation error)         2.03        8.39        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(Compilation error)         2.08       10.06        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Compilation error)         2.08       10.82        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Compilation error)         2.13       10.53        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_change_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(Compilation error)         2.10       10.55        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(Compilation error)         2.11       10.30        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(Compilation error)         2.07        9.95        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_configure_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(Compilation error)         2.09        9.98        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Compilation error)         2.09        9.72        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_current_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Compilation error)         2.02        6.71        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_get_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_get_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                   ERROR(Compilation error)         1.98        6.09        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_change.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_change.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(Compilation error)         1.98        6.27        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_configure.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(Compilation error)         1.95        4.94        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_current.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(Compilation error)         1.95        4.08        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_get.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(Compilation error)         2.00        5.29        None
pthread-driver-races/char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml/infer-char_pc8736x_gpio_pc8736x_gpio_open_pc8736x_gpio_set.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                 ERROR(Compilation error)         1.93        5.19        None
pthread-ext/01b_inc.yml/infer-01b_inc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          7.19       46.04        None
pthread-ext/02_inc_cas.yml/infer-02_inc_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          8.52       45.78        None
pthread-ext/03_incdec.yml/infer-03_incdec.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          8.24       46.00        None
pthread-ext/04_incdec_cas.yml/infer-04_incdec_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          9.51       45.55        None
pthread-ext/08_rand_cas.yml/infer-08_rand_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                         34.06       50.68        None
pthread-ext/11_fmaxsymopt.yml/infer-11_fmaxsymopt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          8.33       45.89        None
pthread-ext/25_stack.yml/infer-25_stack.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.33       36.00        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-1.yml/infer-25_stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.80        2.75        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-2.yml/infer-25_stack_longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.29       35.89        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longest-1.yml/infer-25_stack_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.23       36.53        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longest-2.yml/infer-25_stack_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.85        4.33        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas.yml/infer-26_stack_cas.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.28       35.13        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml/infer-26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.80        3.45        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-2.yml/infer-26_stack_cas_longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          1.19       46.07        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml/infer-26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.90        4.49        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longest-2.yml/infer-26_stack_cas_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          1.14       46.09        None
pthread-ext/28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml/infer-28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                         20.00       46.12        None
pthread-ext/29_conditionals_vs.yml/infer-29_conditionals_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                         11.80       46.11        None
pthread-ext/31_simple_loop5_vs.yml/infer-31_simple_loop5_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.07       46.05        None
pthread-ext/36_stack_cas_p0_vs_concur.yml/infer-36_stack_cas_p0_vs_concur.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.06        None
pthread-ext/37_stack_lock_p0_vs_concur.yml/infer-37_stack_lock_p0_vs_concur.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-ext/39_rand_lock_p0_vs.yml/infer-39_rand_lock_p0_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.00       46.03        None
pthread-ext/40_barrier_vf.yml/infer-40_barrier_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.09        None
pthread-ext/43_NetBSD_sysmon_power_sliced.yml/infer-43_NetBSD_sysmon_power_sliced.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          1.09       46.10        None
pthread-ext/46_monabsex2_vs.yml/infer-46_monabsex2_vs.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                         27.01       46.03        None
pthread-lit/qw2004-2b.yml/infer-qw2004-2b.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        2.94        None
pthread-lit/sssc12.yml/infer-sssc12.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.59        1.55        None
pthread-lit/sssc12_variant.yml/infer-sssc12_variant.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(Compilation error)         0.63        1.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/infer-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/infer-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/infer-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/infer-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/infer-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/infer-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/infer-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/infer-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/infer-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/infer-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/infer-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.82       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/infer-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/infer-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/infer-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix008_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/infer-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/infer-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/infer-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/infer-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/infer-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/infer-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/infer-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/infer-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix014_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.81       46.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/infer-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/infer-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/infer-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/infer-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/infer-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.81       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.80       46.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/infer-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/infer-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/infer-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/infer-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/infer-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_tso.yml/infer-mix023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.80       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/infer-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.80       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.80       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/infer-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/infer-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/infer-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/infer-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/infer-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/infer-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/infer-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/infer-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/infer-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/infer-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/infer-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.80       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/infer-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/infer-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/infer-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/infer-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/infer-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/infer-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/infer-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/infer-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/infer-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/infer-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/infer-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/infer-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/infer-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/infer-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/infer-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_tso.yml/infer-rfi000_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.15        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/rfi002_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-rfi002_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi002_tso.yml/infer-rfi002_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_tso.yml/infer-rfi003_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/infer-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/infer-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/infer-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/infer-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/infer-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/infer-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/infer-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/infer-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/infer-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/infer-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/infer-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/infer-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_tso.yml/infer-safe001_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_tso.yml/infer-safe002_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/infer-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_tso.yml/infer-safe003_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_tso.yml/infer-safe004_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_tso.yml/infer-safe005_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/infer-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.11        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin000_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/infer-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin001_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe007_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-thin001_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/infer-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_tso.yml/infer-safe008_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/infer-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe009_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_tso.yml/infer-safe010_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/infer-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_tso.yml/infer-safe011_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/infer-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_tso.yml/infer-safe012_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_tso.yml/infer-safe013_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/infer-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe014_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/infer-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe015_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/infer-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/infer-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe016_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.80       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_tso.yml/infer-safe017_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/infer-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe018_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.opt.yml/infer-safe019_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe019_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/infer-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe020_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/infer-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/infer-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_tso.yml/infer-safe021_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_tso.yml/infer-safe022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_tso.yml/infer-safe023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_tso.yml/infer-safe024_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/infer-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe025_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/infer-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_tso.yml/infer-safe026_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/infer-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.opt.yml/infer-safe027_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe027_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/infer-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/infer-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe028_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/infer-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_tso.yml/infer-safe029_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_tso.yml/infer-safe030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/infer-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_tso.yml/infer-safe031_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.75       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_tso.yml/infer-safe032_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.70       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_tso.yml/infer-safe033_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/infer-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_tso.yml/infer-safe034_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe035_power.yml/infer-safe035_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.78       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe035_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-safe035_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe036.yml/infer-safe036.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe037.yml/infer-safe037.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/infer-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       35.65        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.opt.yml/infer-thin002_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       35.10        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/infer-thin002_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       35.06        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/infer-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.87       35.65        None
pthread/bigshot_s.yml/infer-bigshot_s.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75        1.97        None
pthread/bigshot_s2.yml/infer-bigshot_s2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75        2.69        None
pthread/fib_safe-10.yml/infer-fib_safe-10.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66        1.93        None
pthread/fib_safe-11.yml/infer-fib_safe-11.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        2.63        None
pthread/fib_safe-12.yml/infer-fib_safe-12.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        2.61        None
pthread/fib_safe-5.yml/infer-fib_safe-5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67        2.45        None
pthread/fib_safe-6.yml/infer-fib_safe-6.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66        2.21        None
pthread/fib_safe-7.yml/infer-fib_safe-7.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        3.35        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-10.yml/infer-fib_unsafe-10.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        2.93        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-11.yml/infer-fib_unsafe-11.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        3.22        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-12.yml/infer-fib_unsafe-12.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.70        3.24        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-5.yml/infer-fib_unsafe-5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71        3.83        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-6.yml/infer-fib_unsafe-6.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        3.24        None
pthread/fib_unsafe-7.yml/infer-fib_unsafe-7.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        2.96        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/infer-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.72        3.73        None
pthread/queue.yml/infer-queue.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75        3.09        None
pthread/queue_longer.yml/infer-queue_longer.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79        4.98        None
pthread/queue_longest.yml/infer-queue_longest.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77        4.01        None
pthread/queue_ok.yml/infer-queue_ok.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78        3.60        None
pthread/queue_ok_longer.yml/infer-queue_ok_longer.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74        3.91        None
pthread/queue_ok_longest.yml/infer-queue_ok_longest.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76        4.21        None
pthread/reorder_2.yml/infer-reorder_2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82        4.22        None
pthread/reorder_5.yml/infer-reorder_5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.84        3.99        None
pthread/singleton.yml/infer-singleton.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    false(unreach-call)              0.79        3.58        None
pthread/singleton_with-uninit-problems.yml/infer-singleton_with-uninit-problems.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.84        5.15        None
pthread/stack-1.yml/infer-stack-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73        2.35        None
pthread/stack-2.yml/infer-stack-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74        2.91        None
pthread/stack_longer-1.yml/infer-stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.75        2.82        None
pthread/stack_longer-2.yml/infer-stack_longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75        3.28        None
pthread/stack_longest-1.yml/infer-stack_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.73        3.64        None
pthread/stack_longest-2.yml/infer-stack_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75        3.82        None
pthread/stateful01-2.yml/infer-stateful01-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67        2.36        None
pthread/triangular-1.yml/infer-triangular-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        3.66        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/infer-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        2.45        None
pthread/triangular-longer-1.yml/infer-triangular-longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        2.71        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/infer-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71        3.57        None
pthread/triangular-longest-1.yml/infer-triangular-longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        3.58        None
pthread/triangular-longest-2.yml/infer-triangular-longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.71        3.67        None
pthread/twostage_3.yml/infer-twostage_3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81        3.87        None
weaver/array-eq-symm.wvr.yml/infer-array-eq-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.12        None
weaver/array-eq-trans.wvr.yml/infer-array-eq-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.68       46.06        None
weaver/bench-exp1x3.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp1x3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.05        None
weaver/bench-exp2x3.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp2x3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.54       46.04        None
weaver/bench-exp2x4.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp2x4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.08        None
weaver/bench-exp2x6.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp2x6.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.55       46.04        None
weaver/bench-exp2x9.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp2x9.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.03        None
weaver/bench-exp3x3-opt.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp3x3-opt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.04        None
weaver/bench-exp3x3.wvr.yml/infer-bench-exp3x3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.54       46.07        None
weaver/chl-array-int-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-array-int-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.04        None
weaver/chl-array-int-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-array-int-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.03        None
weaver/chl-array-int-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-array-int-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.06        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-opt-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-chromosome-opt-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-chromosome-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.05        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-chromosome-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.05        None
weaver/chl-chromosome-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-chromosome-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.02        None
weaver/chl-collitem-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-collitem-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/chl-collitem-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-collitem-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.61       46.04        None
weaver/chl-collitem-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-collitem-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/chl-exp-term-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-exp-term-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/chl-exp-term-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-exp-term-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.62       46.03        None
weaver/chl-file-item-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-file-item-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.03        None
weaver/chl-file-item-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-file-item-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/chl-file-item-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-file-item-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.06        None
weaver/chl-match-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-match-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/chl-match-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-match-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.07        None
weaver/chl-match-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-match-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/chl-name-comparator-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-name-comparator-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.03        None
weaver/chl-name-comparator-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-name-comparator-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.05        None
weaver/chl-name-comparator-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-name-comparator-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.04        None
weaver/chl-node-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-node-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.05        None
weaver/chl-node-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-node-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.07        None
weaver/chl-node-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-node-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.04        None
weaver/chl-nzb-file-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-nzb-file-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.04        None
weaver/chl-nzb-file-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-nzb-file-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.68       46.04        None
weaver/chl-nzb-file-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-nzb-file-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.09        None
weaver/chl-poker-hand-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-poker-hand-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.03        None
weaver/chl-poker-hand-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-poker-hand-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.05        None
weaver/chl-poker-hand-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-poker-hand-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.76       46.07        None
weaver/chl-simpl-str-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-simpl-str-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.06        None
weaver/chl-simpl-str-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-simpl-str-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/chl-simpl-str-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-simpl-str-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.02        None
weaver/chl-sre-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-sre-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/chl-sre-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-sre-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/chl-sre-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-sre-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/chl-time-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-time-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.05        None
weaver/chl-time-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-time-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.03        None
weaver/chl-time-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-time-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/chl-word-subst.wvr.yml/infer-chl-word-subst.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.04        None
weaver/chl-word-symm.wvr.yml/infer-chl-word-symm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.03        None
weaver/chl-word-trans.wvr.yml/infer-chl-word-trans.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/clever.wvr.yml/infer-clever.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.06        None
weaver/fibonacci.wvr.yml/infer-fibonacci.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.03        None
weaver/loop-tiling-eq.wvr.yml/infer-loop-tiling-eq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.03        None
weaver/mult-comm.wvr.yml/infer-mult-comm.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.07        None
weaver/mult-dist.wvr.yml/infer-mult-dist.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.07        None
weaver/mult-flipped-dist.wvr.yml/infer-mult-flipped-dist.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.02        None
weaver/parallel-bakery-2.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-bakery-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-bakery-3.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-bakery-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.03        None
weaver/parallel-bakery-4.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-bakery-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.03        None
weaver/parallel-barrier-loop.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-barrier-loop.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.57       46.06        None
weaver/parallel-barrier.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-barrier.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.59       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-bluetooth.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-bluetooth.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.50       46.12        None
weaver/parallel-lamport.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-lamport.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.51       46.06        None
weaver/parallel-min-max-1.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-min-max-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.12        None
weaver/parallel-misc-1.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.61       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-misc-2-unrolled-atomic.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-2-unrolled-atomic.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.59       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-misc-2-unrolled.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-2-unrolled.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.62       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-misc-2.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.59       46.03        None
weaver/parallel-misc-3-extended.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-3-extended.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                         43.64       45.27        None
weaver/parallel-misc-3.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                         40.29       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-misc-4.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-misc-5.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-misc-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.51       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-1-dsl.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-parallel-sum-1-dsl.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.59       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-1.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-parallel-sum-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-2.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-parallel-sum-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.60       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-parallel-sum-equiv.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-parallel-sum-equiv.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.57       46.02        None
weaver/parallel-simple-equiv.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-simple-equiv.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.06        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-2.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.61       46.05        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-3.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-4.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.02        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-5.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.06        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-6.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-6.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.68       46.03        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-7.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-7.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.68       46.04        None
weaver/parallel-ticket-8.wvr.yml/infer-parallel-ticket-8.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-bad-commit-1.wvr-bad.yml/infer-popl20-bad-commit-1.wvr-bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.07        None
weaver/popl20-bad-commit-2.wvr-bad.yml/infer-popl20-bad-commit-2.wvr-bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.69       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-bad-counter-queue.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-counter-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-bad-counter-queue2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-counter-queue2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-bad-dot-product-alt.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-dot-product-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.55       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-bad-dot-product.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-dot-product.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.02        None
weaver/popl20-bad-ring-nondet.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-ring-nondet.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-bad-ring.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-ring.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-bad-threaded-sum-2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-threaded-sum-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.07        None
weaver/popl20-bad-three-array-sum-alt.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-bad-three-array-sum-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-commit-1.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-commit-1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-commit-2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-commit-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-counter-determinism.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-counter-determinism.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-counter-fun.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-counter-fun.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-difference-det.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-difference-det.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-figure1-alt.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-figure1-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-figure1.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-figure1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-figure3.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-figure3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-horseshoe.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-horseshoe.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-min-max-dec.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-min-max-dec.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.56       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-min-max-inc-dec.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-min-max-inc-dec.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.55       46.11        None
weaver/popl20-min-max-inc.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-min-max-inc.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum-alt.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-array-sum-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.02        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum-alt2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-array-sum-alt2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-array-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-more-array-sum2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-array-sum2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.02        None
weaver/popl20-more-dec-subseq.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-dec-subseq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.02        None
weaver/popl20-more-inc-subseq.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-inc-subseq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-more-max-array-hom.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-max-array-hom.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-more-max-array.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-max-array.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-more-min-array-hom.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-min-array-hom.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.54       46.08        None
weaver/popl20-more-min-array.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-min-array.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-more-min-le-max.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-min-le-max.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-more-mts.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-mts.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-more-multiply-verify.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-multiply-verify.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-more-nonblocking-counter-alt2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-nonblocking-counter-alt2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-more-queue-add-2-nl.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-queue-add-2-nl.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-more-queue-add-3-nl.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-queue-add-3-nl.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-more-sorted.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-sorted.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.54       46.07        None
weaver/popl20-more-sum-array-hom.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-sum-array-hom.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-more-vector-add.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-more-vector-add.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-mult-4.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-mult-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.51       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-mult-equiv.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-mult-equiv.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-nonblocking-cntr-alt.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-nonblocking-cntr-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-nonblocking-cntr.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-nonblocking-cntr.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-prod-cons-eq.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-prod-cons-eq.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-prod-cons.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-prod-cons.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-prod-cons3.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-prod-cons3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-proofs-counter-add-4-semi-Q67.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-proofs-counter-add-4-semi-Q67.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-queue-add-2.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-queue-add-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.09        None
weaver/popl20-queue-add-3.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-queue-add-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.07        None
weaver/popl20-send-receive-alt.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-send-receive-alt.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-send-receive.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-send-receive.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-simple-array-sum.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-simple-array-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-simple-queue.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-simple-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/popl20-threaded-sum-3.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-threaded-sum-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.05        None
weaver/popl20-three-array-max.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-three-array-max.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.55       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-three-array-min.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-three-array-min.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.03        None
weaver/popl20-three-array-sum.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-three-array-sum.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.06        None
weaver/popl20-two-queue.wvr.yml/infer-popl20-two-queue.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.03        None
weaver/security.wvr.yml/infer-security.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.03        None
weaver/spaghetti.wvr.yml/infer-spaghetti.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.10        None
weaver/test-context1.wvr.yml/infer-test-context1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.03        None
weaver/test-easy1.wvr.yml/infer-test-easy1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.63       46.06        None
weaver/test-easy10.wvr.yml/infer-test-easy10.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.66       46.03        None
weaver/test-easy11.wvr.yml/infer-test-easy11.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/test-easy6.wvr.yml/infer-test-easy6.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.65       46.01        None
weaver/test-easy7.wvr.yml/infer-test-easy7.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/test-easy8.wvr.yml/infer-test-easy8.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.04        None
weaver/test-hard1.wvr.yml/infer-test-hard1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.67       46.03        None
weaver/test-semi1.wvr.yml/infer-test-semi1.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.64       46.12        None
weaver/unroll-2.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.04        None
weaver/unroll-3.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.54       46.05        None
weaver/unroll-4.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.07        None
weaver/unroll-5.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.60       45.53        None
weaver/unroll-cond-2.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-cond-2.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.60       24.41        None
weaver/unroll-cond-3.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-cond-3.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59       24.43        None
weaver/unroll-cond-4.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-cond-4.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.57       23.67        None
weaver/unroll-cond-5.wvr.yml/infer-unroll-cond-5.wvr.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58       23.09        None
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    done                           140.38     2465.13           -

Statistics:            658 Files
  correct:              20
    correct true:        0
    correct false:      20
  incorrect:             3
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     3
  unknown:             635
  Score:               -28 (max: 986)
