   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-cpachecker
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:15:13 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1922-901
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         3236.935 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-cpachecker
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         status                       cpu time   wall time        host
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.68        1.74        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.69        1.72        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.70        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_18-first-reads_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.67        1.68        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.66        1.71        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.68        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67        1.71        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.57        1.54        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.67        1.65        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/cpachecker-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.61        1.59        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/cpachecker-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.59        1.55        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml/cpachecker-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        1.48        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/cpachecker-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.63        1.66        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/cpachecker-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.77        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/cpachecker-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.58        1.67        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/cpachecker-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.79       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/cpachecker-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.84       46.02        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/cpachecker-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.64       37.44        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/cpachecker-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.68       37.84        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/cpachecker-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.67       37.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       35.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       35.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       35.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       35.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       36.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       40.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       40.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       41.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       41.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       42.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       41.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83       41.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       41.68        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.21        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       42.71        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.83       45.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.84       45.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.30        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.82       45.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.74        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.82       45.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.85        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83       44.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83       44.75        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.26        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.86        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/cpachecker-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/cpachecker-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.47        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/cpachecker-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.45        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/cpachecker-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.67        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.75       45.16        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.92        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.26        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.15        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.54        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       41.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.46        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.41        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       41.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.74        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.27        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.92        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.29        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.92        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.89        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       43.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/cpachecker-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.75        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.74        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.18        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.10        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.35        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.16        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.36        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.51        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.97        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.78        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.88        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       42.92        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/cpachecker-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       42.47        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/cpachecker-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              1.11       44.20        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.45       44.44        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.51       43.81        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.01        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/cpachecker-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.44       42.71        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.73        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/cpachecker-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.78        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/cpachecker-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.67        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.67        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.47       45.29        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/cpachecker-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.87        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.44       43.25        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/cpachecker-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.63       43.73        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.40        7.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/cpachecker-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.60       42.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.64       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.58       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.61       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.58       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.65        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.43       11.24        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       41.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       40.29        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       40.57        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.22       42.93        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.25        7.14        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.23       45.19        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          1.31       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.21        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.33       45.76        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.61        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        7.32        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.49       44.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        9.34        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.47       43.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.31        6.23        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.37        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.86        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.81        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.32       44.83        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.46        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.35       44.72        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.34       42.02        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.38       42.58        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.32       41.67        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.50        4.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              1.08       28.91        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.53        6.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/cpachecker-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.50        6.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.60       45.78        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.61        9.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                          1.54       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.61       11.56        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.56        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          1.29       46.08        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.46        8.58        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.30       45.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.37        6.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.59       45.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.57       45.90        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.52        8.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/cpachecker-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.46        7.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/cpachecker-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.38        8.74        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.15        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.12        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/cpachecker-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              1.06       26.93        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/cpachecker-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.50        7.90        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.86        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.51       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/cpachecker-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        1.49       46.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/cpachecker-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.46        6.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/cpachecker-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.39        9.48        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.71        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/cpachecker-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       41.78        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       39.31        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       39.22        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       33.14        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/cpachecker-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       27.67        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/cpachecker-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.42       27.27        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/cpachecker-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        1.41       21.76        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/cpachecker-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.52       46.17        None
pthread/stateful01-1.yml/cpachecker-stateful01-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.54       46.06        None
pthread/triangular-2.yml/cpachecker-triangular-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.68        None
pthread/triangular-longer-2.yml/cpachecker-triangular-longer-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.58        1.37        None
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         done                           218.31     1000.05           -

Statistics:            257 Files
  correct:              11
    correct true:        0
    correct false:      11
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             246
  Score:                11 (max: 257)
