   BENCHMARK INFORMATION
benchmark definition:    svcomp23-witness-benchmarks/concurrentwitness2test.xml
name:                    concurrentwitness2test
run sets:                SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-esbmc-kind
date:                    Wed, 2024-11-27 10:20:03 UTC
tool:                    ConcurrentWitness2Test 1.0
tool executable:         ConcurrentWitness2Test/start.sh
options:
parallel runs:           10
resource limits:
- time:                  45 s
hardware requirements:
------------------------------------------------------------

   SYSTEM INFORMATION
host:                    fv-az1120-480
os:                      Linux-6.8.0-1017-azure-x86_64-with-glibc2.39
cpu:                     AMD EPYC 7763 64-Core Processor
- cores:                 4
- max frequency:         3217.024 MHz
ram:                     16766.779392 MB
------------------------------------------------------------



SV-COMP23_unreach-call.ConcurrencySafety-esbmc-kind
Run set 1 of 1 with options '--graphml-witness ${taskdef_path}/witness.graphml' and propertyfile 'None'

inputfile                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         status                       cpu time   wall time        host
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.55        1.42        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.64        1.49        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.45        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_19-publish-precision_unknown_2_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           false(unreach-call)              0.54        1.46        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.55        1.49        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_41-traces-ex-7_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       false(unreach-call)              0.61        1.40        None
goblint-regression/13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml/esbmc-kind-13-privatized_67-pthread_cond_wait_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                           TIMEOUT                          0.53       46.01        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml/esbmc-kind-28-race_reach_45-escape_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.44        None
goblint-regression/28-race_reach_94-alloc_region_racing.yml/esbmc-kind-28-race_reach_94-alloc_region_racing.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                   false(unreach-call)              0.70        1.45        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml/esbmc-kind-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.55        1.39        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml/esbmc-kind-36-apron_17-traces-rpb-litmus_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.54        0.98        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml/esbmc-kind-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_neg.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.53        1.43        None
goblint-regression/36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml/esbmc-kind-36-apron_41-threadenter-no-locals_unknown_1_pos.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                             false(unreach-call)              0.55        1.37        None
ldv-races/race-1_2-join.yml/esbmc-kind-race-1_2-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.66        1.52        None
ldv-races/race-1_3-join.yml/esbmc-kind-race-1_3-join.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.65        1.43        None
ldv-races/race-2_3-container_of.yml/esbmc-kind-race-2_3-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.03        None
ldv-races/race-2_4-container_of.yml/esbmc-kind-race-2_4-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.71       46.02        None
ldv-races/race-2_5-container_of.yml/esbmc-kind-race-2_5-container_of.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.01        None
pthread-deagle/circular_buffer_bad.yml/esbmc-kind-circular_buffer_bad.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.56        1.42        None
pthread-divine/tls_destructor_worker.yml/esbmc-kind-tls_destructor_worker.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     false(unreach-call)              0.56        0.81        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longer-1.yml/esbmc-kind-25_stack_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                false(unreach-call)              0.61        0.88        None
pthread-ext/25_stack_longest-2.yml/esbmc-kind-25_stack_longest-2.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.64        1.09        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml/esbmc-kind-26_stack_cas_longer-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.64        1.47        None
pthread-ext/26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml/esbmc-kind-26_stack_cas_longest-1.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      false(unreach-call)              0.62        0.89        None
pthread-ext/28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml/esbmc-kind-28_buggy_simple_loop1_vf.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT                         25.59       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix000.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       25.07        None
pthread-wmm/mix000.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix000.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       25.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix001.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       25.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix001.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix001.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       25.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix002.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       25.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix002.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix002.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       30.09        None
pthread-wmm/mix003.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix003.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       30.23        None
pthread-wmm/mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix003_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       29.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix004.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       29.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix004.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix004.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       30.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix005.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix005.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.26        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix005_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix005_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix005_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix006.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix006.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.84       44.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix006_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.31        None
pthread-wmm/mix006_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix006_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.83       44.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix007.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix007.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix007.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix008.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       44.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix008_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix008_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       42.11        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix009.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       44.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix009.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix009.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.51        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix010.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.95        None
pthread-wmm/mix010.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix010.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       41.77        None
pthread-wmm/mix011.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix011.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       42.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix011_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix011_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.06        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix012_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix012_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix013.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix013.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix013.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix014.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix014.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix014_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix014_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix014_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.88       44.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix015.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.97        None
pthread-wmm/mix015.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix015.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix016.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix016.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix016_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix016_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.13        None
pthread-wmm/mix017.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix017.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix017_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.12        None
pthread-wmm/mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix017_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.34        None
pthread-wmm/mix018.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix018.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.56        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix018_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.52        None
pthread-wmm/mix018_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix018_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.74        None
pthread-wmm/mix019.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix019.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.33        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix019_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.24        None
pthread-wmm/mix019_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix019_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.66        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix020.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.19        None
pthread-wmm/mix020.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix020.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.01        None
pthread-wmm/mix021.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix021.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.63        None
pthread-wmm/mix021_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix021_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix022_tso.yml/esbmc-kind-mix022_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix023_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix023_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix023_tso.yml/esbmc-kind-mix023_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.90       44.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix024_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.37        None
pthread-wmm/mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix024_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.81        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix025_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix025_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix026.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix026.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix026_power.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix026_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix027_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.64        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix027_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix027_tso.yml/esbmc-kind-mix027_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix028_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.42        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix028_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix028_tso.yml/esbmc-kind-mix028_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.25        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.62        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.17        None
pthread-wmm/mix030_tso.yml/esbmc-kind-mix030_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       43.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix031.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.20        None
pthread-wmm/mix031.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix031.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.73        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix032.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.60        None
pthread-wmm/mix032.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix032.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.79        None
pthread-wmm/mix033.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix033.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix033_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix033_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix033_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.88        None
pthread-wmm/mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix034_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       43.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix035.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix035.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.72        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix035_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.44        None
pthread-wmm/mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix035_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.58        None
pthread-wmm/mix036.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix036.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.91        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix036_power.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.08        None
pthread-wmm/mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix036_pso.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix037.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix037.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix037_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.59        None
pthread-wmm/mix037_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix037_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.92        None
pthread-wmm/mix038.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix038.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.82        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix038_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.36        None
pthread-wmm/mix038_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix038_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.53        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix039.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.99        None
pthread-wmm/mix039.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix039.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix040.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix040.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.87        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix040_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix040_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix040_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.76        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix041_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.75       45.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix041_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       44.94        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix042.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix042.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix042.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.02        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix043.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix043.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix043.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.40        None
pthread-wmm/mix044.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix044.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.14        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix044_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.25        None
pthread-wmm/mix044_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix044_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.32        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix045_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       44.84        None
pthread-wmm/mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix045_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.28        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix046.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix046.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix046.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.43        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix047_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.70        None
pthread-wmm/mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix047_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT                          0.73       46.05        None
pthread-wmm/mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix048_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr000_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       44.48        None
pthread-wmm/mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix049_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt-podwr001_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.69        None
pthread-wmm/mix050.yml/esbmc-kind-mix050.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.61        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix051_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.93        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix051_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix051_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix051_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.65        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix052_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.04        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix052_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.39        None
pthread-wmm/mix052_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix052_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.97        None
pthread-wmm/mix053.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix053.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.22        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix053_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.78        None
pthread-wmm/mix053_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix053_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix054_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.76       45.96        None
pthread-wmm/mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix054_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.55        None
pthread-wmm/mix055.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix055.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.41        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix055_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.56        None
pthread-wmm/mix055_tso.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix055_tso.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.83       45.57        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix056_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.90        None
pthread-wmm/mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix056_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.49        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-mix057_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.38        None
pthread-wmm/mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-mix057_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.84        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi000_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi000_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.49        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi001_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT                          0.72       46.10        None
pthread-wmm/rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi001_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.76       45.49        None
pthread-wmm/rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi003_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.76       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/rfi004.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi004.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.86        None
pthread-wmm/rfi005.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi005.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.78       45.37        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi006_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.76        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi006_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.51        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi006_pso.oepc_pso.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.82       45.88        None
pthread-wmm/rfi006_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi006_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.68        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi007_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                        TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.14        None
pthread-wmm/rfi007_tso.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi007_tso.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.78        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi008.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.15        None
pthread-wmm/rfi008.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi008.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.50        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.79       45.30        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi009_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt_tso.oepc_tso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.59        None
pthread-wmm/rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.63        None
pthread-wmm/rfi010.yml/esbmc-kind-rfi010.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.18        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.94        None
pthread-wmm/safe000_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-safe000_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       44.31        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.77       46.07        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe001_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT                          0.74       46.03        None
pthread-wmm/safe001_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe001_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.76       46.06        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.59        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe002_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.77       45.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe002_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe002_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.81       44.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe003_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.81       45.49        None
pthread-wmm/safe003_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe003_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.01        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe004_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          TIMEOUT (ERROR(ineffective witness))        0.80       45.01        None
pthread-wmm/safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe004_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.88        None
pthread-wmm/safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe005_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.19        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe006_power.oepc-thin000_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.26        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe006_power.opt-thin000_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.45        None
pthread-wmm/safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe006_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin000_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.99        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe007_power.oepc-thin001_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.50        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe007_power.opt-thin001_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       44.67        None
pthread-wmm/safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe007_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt-thin001_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.72        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe008_power.oepc_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.78        None
pthread-wmm/safe008_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe008_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.30        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe009_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe009_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.89        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe009_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.28        None
pthread-wmm/safe009_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe009_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.94        None
pthread-wmm/safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe010_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       42.09        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe011_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.64        None
pthread-wmm/safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe011_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.27        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe012_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       43.32        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe012_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.69        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe012_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       41.94        None
pthread-wmm/safe012_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe012_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       42.58        None
pthread-wmm/safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe013_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       42.71        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe014_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.56        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe014_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe014_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.60        None
pthread-wmm/safe014_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe014_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.40        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe015_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              false(unreach-call)              0.78       43.50        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe015_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.37        None
pthread-wmm/safe015_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-safe015_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.85        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe016_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.87        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe016_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       43.05        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe016_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.31        None
pthread-wmm/safe016_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe016_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.99        None
pthread-wmm/safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe017_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.82        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe018_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.82        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe018_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       43.11        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe018_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.67        None
pthread-wmm/safe018_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe018_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.42        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe019_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       42.36        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe019_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       42.54        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe019_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.40        None
pthread-wmm/safe019_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe019_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_power.yml/esbmc-kind-safe020_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.79       41.98        None
pthread-wmm/safe020_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-safe020_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       42.73        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe021_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.66        None
pthread-wmm/safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe021_power.opt_pso.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.49        None
pthread-wmm/safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe022_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       43.11        None
pthread-wmm/safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe023_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.77        None
pthread-wmm/safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe024_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.96        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_power.yml/esbmc-kind-safe025_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        false(unreach-call)              0.77       42.43        None
pthread-wmm/safe025_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-safe025_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.99        None
pthread-wmm/safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe026_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       42.86        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe027_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.80       43.10        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe027_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.82       42.55        None
pthread-wmm/safe027_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-safe027_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       43.16        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_power.yml/esbmc-kind-safe028_power.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       42.17        None
pthread-wmm/safe028_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-safe028_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       41.33        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe029_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       42.53        None
pthread-wmm/safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe029_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.04        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe030_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       42.99        None
pthread-wmm/safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe030_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       41.19        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-safe031_power.oepc_pso.oepc_rmo.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       38.79        None
pthread-wmm/safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe031_power.opt_pso.opt_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       39.53        None
pthread-wmm/safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe032_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.78       39.13        None
pthread-wmm/safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe033_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.73       37.86        None
pthread-wmm/safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-safe034_power.oepc_power.opt_pso.oepc_pso.opt_rmo.oepc_rmo.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                      ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.74       33.21        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.oepc.yml/esbmc-kind-thin002_power.oepc.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.77       33.08        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_power.opt.yml/esbmc-kind-thin002_power.opt.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.76       31.27        None
pthread-wmm/thin002_rmo.yml/esbmc-kind-thin002_rmo.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.75       31.00        None
pthread/lazy01.yml/esbmc-kind-lazy01.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          false(unreach-call)              0.58        1.30        None
pthread/reorder_5.yml/esbmc-kind-reorder_5.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.67        1.85        None
pthread/twostage_3.yml/esbmc-kind-twostage_3.yml                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  ERROR(ineffective witness)        0.68        1.65        None
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Run set 1                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         done                           192.10     1064.95           -

Statistics:            267 Files
  correct:              15
    correct true:        0
    correct false:      15
  incorrect:             0
    incorrect true:      0
    incorrect false:     0
  unknown:             252
  Score:                15 (max: 267)
